DOC-841: Add docs for new PowerPaste import settings functionality (#2022)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: plugins/premium/powerpaste.md

This option controls how content pasted from Microsoft Word is filtered.

**Type:** `String` or `Function`

**Default value:** `prompt`

{% include plugins/powerpaste_import_types.md %}

> **Note:** When using the Windows operating system, copying and pasting content from Microsoft Word 2013 (or later) in "Protected View" will result in plain, unformatted text. This is due to how Protected View interacts with the clipboard.

#### Example: `powerpaste_word_import` using an asynchronous function

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',  // change this value according to your HTML
  plugins: 'powerpaste',
  powerpaste_word_import: function() {
    // use a native confirm dialog to prompt the user to choose between clean and merge

>     if (confirm('Would you like to keep formatting?')) {
>       return Promise.resolve('merge');
>     } else {
>       return Promise.resolve('clean');
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return new Promise(function (resolve) {
      if (confirm('Would you like to keep formatting?')) {
        resolve('merge');
      } else {
        resolve('clean');
      }
    });
```

Because `confirm` is a synchronous function, there isn't any functional difference between these two. However, I feel like this form would be easier to adapt to using a real dialog. Feel free to ignore

  }
});
```

### powerpaste_googledocs_import

{{site.requires_5_8v}}

This option controls how content pasted from Google Docs is filtered.

**Type:** `String` or `Function`

**Default value:** `prompt`

{% include plugins/powerpaste_import_types.md %}

#### Example: `powerpaste_googledocs_import` using an asynchronous function

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',  // change this value according to your HTML
  plugins: 'powerpaste',
  powerpaste_googledocs_imports: function() {
    // use a native confirm dialog to prompt the user to choose between clean and merge

>     if (confirm('Would you like to keep formatting?')) {
>       return Promise.resolve('merge');
>     } else {
>       return Promise.resolve('clean');
>     }

Author: ```suggestion
    return new Promise(function (resolve) {
      if (confirm('Would you like to keep formatting?')) {
        resolve('merge');
      } else {
        resolve('clean');
      }
    });
```

  }
});
```

### powerpaste_html_import

This option controls how content pasted from sources other than Microsoft Word and Google Docs are filtered. Note that this includes content copied from {{site.productname}} itself.

**Type:** `String` or `Function`

**Default value:** `clean`

{% include plugins/powerpaste_import_types.md %}

#### Example: `powerpaste_html_import` using an asynchronous function

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',  // change this value according to your HTML
  plugins: 'powerpaste',
  powerpaste_html_import: function() {
    // use a native confirm dialog to prompt the user to choose between clean and merge

>     if (confirm('Would you like to keep formatting?')) {
>       return Promise.resolve('merge');
>     } else {
>       return Promise.resolve('clean');
>     }

Author: ```suggestion
    return new Promise(function (resolve) {
      if (confirm('Would you like to keep formatting?')) {
        resolve('merge');
      } else {
        resolve('clean');
      }
    });
```

This option controls how content pasted from Microsoft Word is filtered.

> **Type:** `String` or `function`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Type:** `String` or `Function`
```

**Default value:** `prompt`

> The supported `string` values are:

Reviewer 2: This uses a different casing to the above types. We have to use the types that match moxiedoc in the above, so not sure if this should also be `String`? Maybe it shouldn't be in backticks and instead just say something like this?
```suggestion
The supported string-based values are:
```

* `clean` - Preserve the structure of the content such as headings, tables, and lists but remove inline styles and classes. This results in simple content that uses the site's CSS stylesheet while retaining the semantic structure from the original document.
* `merge` - Preserve the inline formatting and structure of the original document. Invalid and proprietary styles, tags and attributes are still removed ensuring that the HTML is valid while more closely matching the original document formatting.
* `prompt` - Prompt the user to choose between the clean and merge options after attempting to paste HTML content.

> Alternatively, this option can take an asynchronous function that returns a [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) which will resolve with `clean` or `merge`. This allows the paste mode to be dynamically chosen on each paste event. It can be used to replicate the `prompt` dialog with custom, non-TinyMCE UI for example.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively, this option accepts an asynchronous function that returns a [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) which will resolve with `clean` or `merge`. This allows the paste mode to be dynamically chosen on each paste event. It can be used to replicate the `prompt` dialog using a custom, non-TinyMCE UI for example.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, this option can take an asynchronous function that returns a [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) which will resolve with `clean` or `merge`. This allows the paste mode to be dynamically chosen on each paste event. It can be used, for example, to replicate the `prompt` dialog using a custom dialog.
```

> Alternatively, this option can take an asyncronous callback that returns a [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) that resolves to `clean` or `merge`. Allows the integrator to dynamically choose the paste mode on each paste event. Can be used to replicate the `prompt` dialog with custom, non-TinyMCE UI. Note: this requires [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) support.

Author: Tyler wanted this separate to the above list.

Author: Also, does this explanation make sense?

And: should I make the `Note...` an actual note, or is this fine?

Author: And and: two links to the MDN Promise docs, or just the first time?

Reviewer 2: The last sentence honestly feels out of place... I'd remove it entirely. Additionally there's something that "smells" about the whole paragraph. I think it's that in the first sentence we repeat "that" and the second/third sentence starts with `Allows` and `Can` respectively which feels like there's content missing.

Will try to think of a suggestion for this later.

Reviewer 2: I also noticed there's a typo in `asyncronous` here. Additionally, this is really not an async callback as that's something where by a callback function is passed that you need to call to continue (see https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Asynchronous/Introducing#async_callbacks). As such, this is really just an "asynchronous function" instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, this option can take an asynchronous function that returns a [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) which will resolve with `clean` or `merge`. This allows the paste mode to be dynamically chosen on each paste event. It can be used to replicate the `prompt` dialog with custom, non-TinyMCE UI for example.
```
Maybe?

Author: Included this suggestion in another commit

> **Note:** When using the Windows operating system, copying and pasting content from Microsoft Word 2013 (or later) in "Protected View" will result in plain, unformatted text. This is due to how Protected View interacts with the clipboard.

> #### Example: powerpaste_word_import using an asynchronous callback

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Example: powerpaste_word_import using an asynchronous function
```

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',  // change this value according to your HTML
  plugins: 'powerpaste',
  powerpaste_word_import: function() {
    // use a native confirm dialog to prompt the user to choose between clean and merge
    if (confirm('Would you like to keep formatting?')) {
      return Promise.resolve('merge');
    } else {
      return Promise.resolve('clean');
    }
  }
});
```

### powerpaste_googledocs_import

{{site.requires_5_8v}}

This option controls how content pasted from Google Docs is filtered.

**Type:** `String` or `Function`

**Default value:** `prompt`

> The supported `string` values are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The supported string-based values are:
```

Reviewer 3: same as above.

> **Type:** `String` or `function`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Type:** `String` or `Function`
```

* `clean` - Preserve the structure of the content such as headings, tables, and lists but remove inline styles and classes. This results in simple content that uses the site's CSS stylesheet while retaining the semantic structure from the original document.
* `merge` - Preserve the inline formatting and structure of the original document. Invalid and proprietary styles, tags and attributes are still removed ensuring that the HTML is valid while more closely matching the original document formatting.
* `prompt` - Prompt the user to choose between the clean and merge options after attempting to paste HTML content.

> Alternatively, this option can take an asyncronous callback that returns a [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) that resolves to `clean` or `merge`. Allows the integrator to dynamically choose the paste mode on each paste event. Can be used to replicate the `prompt` dialog with custom non-TinyMCE UI. Note: this requires [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) support.

Reviewer 2: This is repeated 3 times... should this be pulled out into a template and included instead?

Author: Possibly. Would include the bit above too I think. @tylerkelly13 ?

Reviewer 3: yes please!

Reviewer 3: can we include everything from type through the example? maybe move the note on the word_import  setting to before type (not sure it makes sense there though, it's just easier than using a conditional)

> #### Example: powerpaste_googledocs_import using an asynchronous callback

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Example: powerpaste_googledocs_import using an asynchronous function
```

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',  // change this value according to your HTML
  plugins: 'powerpaste',
  powerpaste_googledocs_imports: function() {
    // use a native confirm dialog to prompt the user to choose between clean and merge
    if (confirm('Would you like to keep formatting?')) {
      return Promise.resolve('merge');
    } else {
      return Promise.resolve('clean');
    }
  }
});
```

### powerpaste_html_import

This option controls how content pasted from sources other than Microsoft Word and Google Docs are filtered. Note that this includes content copied from {{site.productname}} itself.

**Type:** `String` or `Function`

**Default value:** `clean`

> The supported `string` values are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The supported string-based values are:
```

> **Type:** `String` or `function`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Type:** `String` or `Function`
```

* `clean` - Preserve the structure of the content such as headings, tables, and lists but remove inline styles and classes. This results in simple content that uses the site's CSS stylesheet while retaining the semantic structure from the original document.
* `merge` - Preserve the inline formatting and structure of the original document. Invalid and proprietary styles, tags and attributes are still removed ensuring that the HTML is valid while more closely matching the original document formatting.
* `prompt` - Prompt the user to choose between the clean and merge options after attempting to paste HTML content.

Alternatively, this option can take an asyncronous callback that returns a [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) that resolves to `clean` or `merge`. Allows the integrator to dynamically choose the paste mode on each paste event. Can be used to replicate the `prompt` dialog with custom, non-TinyMCE UI. Note: this requires [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) support.

> #### Example: powerpaste_html_import using an asynchronous callback

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Example: `powerpaste_html_import` using an asynchronous function
```
